1. "To-morrow  will   <decide >  the  question," said Potts.

2. In short, it’s the story of a mountain guide who agrees to sneak a wealthy young man across the spell-protected border of a neighboring country, only to discover his client is far from the harmless youth he appeared, and he’s caught up in a deadly war of intrigue between rival mages that  will   <decide >  the  fate of a city.

3. In fact, it  will   <decide >  the  future of our civilization.

4. The only remaining vote, one cast for Gore by the second cousin of the wife of a Gore campaign manager,  will   <decide >  the  election.

5. With the cost equation more or less out of the way or at least mitigated, the quality of work is the only parameter that  will   <decide >  the  fate of offshore call centers. 

6. When people deal with atomic weapons, it is not a matter of superior arms that  will   <decide >  the  issue between them, but only: --”Now we want to commit suicide together, destroying each other mutually...” 

7. In professional writing, there is no place for mistakes, as it  will   <decide >  the  fate of your professional life. 

8. The October 1 battle between Kent State and Ohio  will   <decide >  the  MAC East.

9. The November 8 battle between Western Michigan and Toledo  will   <decide >  the  MAC West.

10. Depending on which chapter the specific files underneath,  will   <decide >  the  result of the bankruptcy on the foreclosure.

11. If the ball lands on the zero again, the chips stay "en prison" and the next round  will   <decide >  the  fate of the original bet.

12. In just two months, the Russian Poker Series Grand Final  will   <decide >  the  Player of the Season and the final champion of the season.

13. And I will say to you now, I think it will give you a great, fundamental debate about the role of government, but it will not decide the election in the end, because those last 10% of voters who tip these things tend not to see the world in those kind of ideological terms.

14. But the issue that might decide the case was the observation by the arriving officers and EMTs of damp hair anddry body.

15. This is the big day that could well decide the future of this law.

16. The issues before the court -- the individual mandate and whether the law can survive without it, the penalty for not getting insurance, the expansion of Medicaid and more -- will decide the law's fate.

17. But it was one man's decision to avoid battle that would decide the fate of the Holy Land.

18. TWO CASES THAT are making their way to the Supreme Court may well in the short term decide the constitutional issue of the reach and extent of the Federal government. 

19. But it is the deepest American issues that will sway voters along party lines and decide the outcome of elections.

20. They are gambling that Americans are ready for what GOP leaders in Washington and the states call a grown-up conversation about deficits and the size of that will play out over the next two years, a debate that could well decide the outcome.

21. While other lawyers question witnesses and argue to the jury, Riordan tees up the issues that often decide the outcome in higher courts.

22. They argue that the market, not Congress, should decide the future of Edison's bulb.

23. That game very well might decide the Pac-12 North and put the winner in the national-title hunt.

24. But with neither President Johnson-Sirleaf's Unity Party (UP) nor the Congress for Democratic Change (CDC) - headed by Harvard-educated Winston Tubman and his vice presidential candidate, soccer legend George Weah - able to command a majority of the vote required for victory, Johnson's support will likely decide the winner of the second-round vote.

25. In Alaska, it could take weeks to count the absentee ballots that will decide the Republican Senate race there.

26. It is an imprecise science, but one that ultimately may decide the course of this and many seasons to come.

27. The two-year positions are at-large and a plurality will decide the winner.

28. Your editorial board has been reporting on politics long enough to know that when one or two votes will decide the fate of a bill, certain interest groups and senators have an inordinate influence on the outcome of the bill.

29. To decide the Eastern College Athletic Conference men's lacrosse championship: # At Invesco Field atMile High, Sunday, 1 p.m.

30. This battle of the airwaves, of course, is not going to decide the outcome of the Persian Gulf war.

31. SADUN HAMMADI, Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister: What would decide the outcome, the final outcome, of a confrontation is what happens on the ground.

32. Despite a mixed record on abortion rights, Chiles has begun using the issue against Martinez and abortion could decide the outcome.

33. One possible thing to negotiate about would be to offer- to offer Iraq a chance to pull out of Kuwait and not see the emir placed back on the throne, but have some sort of referendum or election to decide the future of Kuwait.

34. Now the measure may help decide the fall governor's race.

35. How this crisis ends will decide the rules of the game in the Middle East and in the post-cold-war era.

36. '' It is not their philosophies that will decide the outcome - it is their ability to lead their party to victory over Labourat the next general election, " a senior Conservative backbencher said.

37. In the past three days, the Congress of People's Deputies has backed Mr. Gorbachev's reorganized and strengthened presidency, his concept of a renewed federal union, and his call for nationwide referendums to decide the issues of union and private property on land.

38. That is to correct the aberrations of the Iraqi invasion , but leave the Middle East with more stability and allow normal market mechanisms to decide the price of oil and accessibility to oil without erratic political interference.

39. Tripucka, who was 8-for-9 from the line, said he expected free throws to decide the game.

40. When the last of the Bloodline dies, challenge decides the new Holder.

41. Only providence decides the moment when closed seeds unfurl.

42. It only amuses me in that it gives me an insight into the ludicrous bungling that in some circumstances may decide the life of a human being.

43. And when two '' invincible '' forces collide, Nature often decides the outcome.

44. Far better to let the marketplace (i.e., the people) decide the best use of this land and not a bunch of bureaucrats.

45. The assertion that gravity is weak may seem untrue, in light of the fact that gravity dominates the motions of stars and galaxies, and indeed will decide the question of the ultimate fate of the universe.

46. The selection of a particular textbook should not decide the goals of instructional practice.

47. In its economic objectives, the United States wants to convince the world of the virtues of the market as an instrument for deciding the most efficient allocation of resources, thereby achieving the greatest good for the greatest number.


