br	Frank states that Italian villainy is a common theme and that ‘no tale of terror dared to < offer >  itself  to the public without one Venetian poisoner, Neapolitan seducer, or Sicilian revenger'. 
br	Because Ugolino's starving children < offer >  themselves  as food to their father, Gray is punishing his father while 'consoling himself with a reassuring image of filial selflessness and piety'. 
br	They reflected a conviction that the world as set up according to God's plan was essentially an ordered one which < offered >  itself  to description by scientific laws. 
br	I think that the reason why we Americans seem to be so addicted to trying to get rich suddenly is merely because the opportunity to make promising efforts in that direction has < offered >  itself  to us with a frequency out of all proportion to the European experience. 
br	For eighty years this opportunity has been < offering >  itself  in one new town or region after another straight westward, step by step, all the way from the Atlantic coast to the Pacific. 
br	At the end of The Mayor of Casterbridge , Thomas Hardy's heroine resolves to pursue "the cunning enlargement, by a species of microscopic treatment, of those minute forms of satisfaction that < offer >  themselves  to everybody not in positive pain; which, thus handled, have much of the same inspiring effect upon life as wider interests cursorily embraced". 
br	Review : Summer Tails (August 10) < offered >  itself  as three true episodes in the life of a hired tail coat. 
br	Its strategic aim from 1989 onwards would have been to deny the FIS the role of principal ­ let alone exclusive ­ political representative of the urban poor and especially the unemployed youth in Algeria's crowded cities, by < offering >  itself  as a credible alternative. 
br	Three different possibilities < offered >  themselves  for the development of JSR 168 portlets: Port as much of the existing code/structure as possible to create a new application offering the same functionality as the original, only within a portal environment Use the JSR 168 as a wrapper around the existing system, adding enhancements where deemed suitable Rewrite the application completely from the ground up as a native JSR 168 portlet application For the most part, design 2 was selected. 
br	- Eritrea < offers >  itself  as a possible launching pad for an attack on Iraq - Milan Rai and the Arrow group propose Spring 2003 as likely date for US attack - Louis Farrakhan visits Iraq - Iraqi National Coalition conference in London. 14/07/2002 ­ 03/08/2002 Meeting of the Iraqi National Coalition, formed by Iraqi ex-army officers, takes place in a building rented by the Iraqi National Congress in London, using an emergency generator because the INC has not paid its electricity bill - Pax Christi statement opposing the 
br	Public health measures derive their authority from the police power of the state, and people do not lightly < offer >  themselves  (or their immune systems) to government, even when its authority is legitimate (ibid, p. 633). 
br	As the lively and sparkling emotions of her early married live cohered into an equable serenity, the finer movements of her nature found scope in discovering to the narrow-lived ones around her the secret (as she had once learnt it) of making limited opportunities endurable; which she deemed to consist in the cunning enlargement, by a species of microscopic treatment, of those minute forms of satisfaction that < offer >  themselves  to everybody not in positive pain; which, thus handled, have much of the same inspiring effect upon life as wider interests cursorily embraced. 
br	When loyalist paramilitaries do < offer >  themselves  to the electorate on fairly conventional platforms (either as members of mainstream parties or as independent local councillors), they are not generally well supported. 
br	It was no rapid matter to get there at night, not a lamp or glimmer of any sort < offering >  itself  to light the way, except an occasional pale radiance through some window-curtain, or through the chink of some door which could not be closed because of the smoky chimney within. 
br	Enter the Hidden Kingdom as a true friend and the beings there, all of them, will gratefully < offer >  themselves  back to you. 
br	If I think of the Republic as a Big House which the revolutionaries took over, became caretakers, then tenants, then masters, then quarrelled and tore it down, rebuilt it until it fit their needs, what metaphor < offers >  itself  that in that particulate and troubled geographical fragment that is Northern Ireland? 
br	We particularly hope that in these new conditions more Roman Catholics will wish to join the ranks of the Royal Ulster Constabulary and will < offer >  themselves  for service in the new part-time forces, the setting up of which we also envisage. 182. 
br	But howsoever that be, there are besides the authorities of Scriptures before recited, two reasons of exceeding great weight and force why religion should dearly protect all increase of natural knowledge: the one, because it leadeth to the greater exaltation of the glory of God; for as the Psalms and other Scriptures do often invite us to consider and to magnify the great and wonderful works of God, so if we should rest only in the contemplation of those shews which first < offer >  themselves  to our senses, we should do a like injury to the majesty of God, as if we should judge of the store of some excellent jeweler by that only which is set out to the street in his shop. 
br	Of the inherent and profound errors and superstitions in the nature of the mind, and of the four sorts of Idols or false appearances that < offer >  themselves  to the understanding in the inquisition of knowledge; that is to say, the Idols of the Tribe, the Idols of the Palace, the Idols of the Cave, and the Idols of the Theatre. 
br	But the SA was not a united front: it was a political organisation with a rounded programme < offering >  itself  as a political alternative. 
br	Cooke does not allow a painting to < offer >  itself  as an all-in-one entity, where its entire scale and the material handling of its details can be comprehended from a single viewpoint. 
br	The state has often < offered >  itself  to its people as a kind of messiah, a counterfeit messiah. 
br	Ian Forsdike's site is a place of remembrance to those men who served with the 4th CMR in the Great War, and < offers >  itself  as a point of focus for relatives and researchers today. 
br	Something exciting is < offering >  itself  in the simultaneous playing of two scenes - but we mustn't let the material become unclear in the process. 
br	"Base matter", articulating the unknown point of dissipation for philosophical, material and psychological systems < offers >  itself  as an attempt to address "heterology" – the science of what is completely other. 
br	As previously mentioned it has < offered >  itself  as democratic, a place of free-speech and integration. 
br	It < offers >  itself  for interpretation. 
br	Offshore centres impose little or no taxes, < offer >  themselves  to non-residents to escape taxation in their own country, do not exchange information, lack transparency, and attract shell companies -- businesses "with no substantial activities". 
br	sites connected to Shropshire's local Goddess. Rise Of Caesar Then a new combination < offered >  itself  . The leader of the democratic party had actively employed in his own interest 
br	As Carthage had made an attempt in Italy, when Rhegium and Tarentum were about to be occupied by the Romans, to acquire these cities for itself, and had only been prevented from doing so by accident, so in Sicily an opportunity now < offered >  itself  for Rome to bring the city of Messana into its symmachy; should the Romans reject it, it was not to be expected that the city would remain independent or would become Syracusan; they would themselves throw it into the arms of the Phoenicians. 
br	Pentecostalism < offered >  itself  as a way of meeting their emotional, experiential and spiritual needs. 
br	The Maoist model < offers >  itself  to security guards and students the world over as a tried and tested methodology of power, as a scientific strategy of national liberation. 
br	No plan < offered >  itself  : the very exhibition of any desire to keep him would have rendered the claimant more peremptory: there was nothing left but to resign him. 
br	Fuelled by numerous historical phenomena – the germinal phase arguably going as far back as the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries – that somehow hang together without having a necessarily common or shared sense, globalization < offered >  itself  as a forceful feeling of complex interconnectedness involving several spheres of human activities, embracing diverse kinds of interactions and including various types of state and nonstate actors. 
br	Hence, despite or rather owing to the fact that this discourse on global governance seems quite vague and indefinite by virtue of including almost anything we otherwise do not have a name for (Finkelstein, 1995: 368), and despite that it certainly lacks a uniting thread (Groom and Powell, 1994: 87) and that it is often considered close to faddishness (Karns, 2000: 40), it nevertheless takes on a pervasive possibility of its own and < offers >  itself  as a new imperative and multifaceted responsibility for this unfolding and all-encompassing whole that we now collectively and intersubjectively face. 
br	Read this way – i.e., in various discourses which contribute to saturate its ambiguous meanings and to acknowledge its centrality by making other terms more and more dependent on it (See Bartelson, 1995: 13) – global governance < offers >  itself  as a politics of transversal connection established on the possibility to contemplate the symbolic reconfiguration of a globalized space more or less autonomous from the boundaries of the state and the control of government. 
br	And this barbarity is then ascribed to them as their "essence" (Boer, 1991: 18) When these lines were written, the West had triumphed, but on the fringes of its sphere of influence, with ‘globalisation' only just < offering >  itself  as an option, neo-liberal capitalism was still confronted with the proxies it had recruited in the effort. 
br	Even the catch-22 situation that the play gets its title from, with Mel's knowledge of the future seemingly condemning her to a life in the past she has become part of, was done with far more flair and invention in Steve Lyon's The Fires Of Vulcan . Aside from its hackneyed leanings, Catch-1782 < offers >  itself  as a gentle character piece that contrasts the usual fare with no real villain, no typical Doctor Who plot in order to create something small and intimate that wants to revel in its simplicity. 
br	The most brilliant undertakings, as it were, < offered >  themselves  to him on all sides; he was free to start for the Cimmerian Bosporus and for the Red Sea; he had opportunity of declaring war against the Parthians; the revolted provinces of Egypt invited him to dethrone king Ptolemaeus who was not recognized by the Romans, and to carry out the testament of Alexander; but Pompeius marched neither to Panticapaeum nor to Petra, neither to Ctesiphon nor to Alexandria; throughout he gathered only those fruits which of themselves fell to his hand. 
br	He was constantly aspiring to a special position in the state, and, when it < offered >  itself  , he could not make up his mind to occupy it; he was deeply indignant when persons and laws did not bend unconditionally before him, and yet he everywhere bore himself with no mere affectation of modesty as one of many peers, and trembled at the mere thought of undertaking anything unconstitutional. 
br	And here, again, we shall find the influences of the age in which the Elizabethan poets lived and wrote, with its tug of war, and wrestle of stern passions; its quickening spirit of enterprise called forth by the dazzling dawn of that New World which rose upon it, and bade Old England become supreme master over the seas that lay between them, < offering >  itself  as the prize of victory;—all these influences were mighty in helping to carry the poet out of himself, and all conscious cankering thoughts about self,—which is the greatest thing to be done. 
br	It was an example and precedent without which few of its rivals would have been emboldened to < offer >  themselves  as bottled single malts. 
br	It remains my belief that sacred plants, as a frequency of planetary intelligence, have < offered >  themselves  as emissaries from the increasingly ravaged natural world. 
br	Punctuation is one of the several devices of representation that Jonson uses in editing his plays, masques, prose, and poems to construct what Joseph Loewenstein describes as an "obtrusive and distinctive Jonsonian format, which < offers >  itself  as the complex product of the compounded poet and scholar. 
br	Events such as Environment Weeks < offer >  themselves  to the development of projects such as this and assemblies offer the opportunity to create a sense of excitement with the entire school. 
br	When a chance < offered >  itself  for the saving of the women and children, these rough men quietly helped them into the boat, and saw them put off without any sign of selfishness. 
br	The prominent split in the twin inchoate scenes, however, < offers >  itself  as a rather non-explicit element in Heylin's text, but is underlined by the detailed discography he uses as an appendix. 
br	Translation of classical authors, then, < offered >  itself  as a natural vehicle to exhibit these skills, and allow her to "market" herself as a strong intellectual. 
br	If you wish to be of service, our mission will be involving a lot of people and many wondrous opportunities will < offer >  themselves  for those desiring to work with us side by side. 
br	But his heart was not right with God; his worship became merely formal; his soul, left empty by the dying out of true religious fervour, sought to be filled with any religious excitement which < offered >  itself  . 
br	Morison aims to be a seven-day-a-week open church, < offering >  itself  to the community. 
