br	This can be done electronically, < provided that > it is appropriate and in accordance with national rules; Institutions may also be required to provide a written warning to customers of the charges that are applied to the cross-border use of cheques in the cheque books themselves. 
br	They held that unless a "law for annihilation of valueless lives" ("Gesetz zur Vernichtung lebensunwürdigen Lebens") was promulgated, these killings were illegal because a law against killing was still on the statute books of Germany, which < provided that > whoever killed somebody else with premeditation should be punished by death. 
br	The University's HFS system can archive data as well as < providing for > backup, but special permission needs to be granted. 
br	This right was first enshrined in the 1946 Constitution of the WHO, < providing that >: The enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of health is one of the fundamental rights of every human being without distinction of race, religion, political belief, economic or social condition. 
br	We are taught to come with boldness to the creator King, our heavenly Father who loves us, longs for the very best for us and < provides for > our every need. 
br	' The past 25 years have witnessed a massive growth in qualitative research for the public sector, which has realised the value in harnessing the insight it < provides for > a range of purposes - developing, evaluating implementing and communicating policy. 
br	'Lord open our eyes to see the armoury that you have < provided for > our spiritual warfare. 
br	Clause 2(b) < provided that > "the Company" (defined in cl.8 as NIOC) "shall not bear or be liable for damage of any description done by or to the tug or done by or to the Hirer's vessel or for loss of or damage to anything on board the Hirer's vessel or for any personal injury or loss of life arising from any cause whatsoever.
br	Clause 7 < provided that > the Company should "have the right to perform their obligations under this contract by using a tug or tugs not owned by themselves but made available to the Company under charterparty or other arrangemen t. In such circumstances…. 
br	The flexible hours scheme < provides for > extra time worked to be recorded and acknowledged through accrual and this had led to an increased inclination to respond to unplanned business demands – in effect a return of some goodwill. 
br	You may link to our course pages, technical newsletters or articles & resources < provided that > you cite the University of Oxford Electronics and Telecoms as the source and give a link to our website. 
br	This has in turn pushed those refugees to < provide for > their survival by being exploited to work long hours for very low pay (such as the ones you helped catch), for those very fears. 
br	' The opportunity < provided for > teachers to review their own abilities together with the chance to share 'their best' with others, showed itself to be a key factor in fighting the widely recognised working isolation and individualism (Little and MacLaughlin 1993) of teachers, while at the same time provided a soil in which to grow comprehension about the power of partnerships, about learning from each other, about collaborating and reflecting upon practice without fear of exposing weaknesses or of making criticism. 
br	Regardless of the size of group or degree of structure < provided for > the discussion or chat, some students failed to become engaged beyond the minimum requirements while other students took it on and read and responded regularly at high levels. 
br	The new building will < provide for > a phased expansion of the Department which would be the envy of many. 
br	No doubt members of other Departments will be interested to know how much suppression of staff posts is required to < provide for > an inadequately funded new building in West Cambridge. 
br	These three need to be read together as < providing for > community regulation at different eschatological stages: Rule of the Community is for the present age; Rule of the Congregation is ‘a messianic document picturing the ideal constitution of the sect in the end of days'; [1] and the Blessings are for the final session of the End time. 
br	their nominees, and others providing Stock Broking or Share Dealing services; 16.1.3.6 to reflect changes in market conditions; 16.1.3.7 to reflect changes, or anticipated changes, to the law, or interpretation of the law, codes of practice or the way that we are regulated; 16.1.3.8 to reflect a decision or recommendation made by, or a requirement of, a court, ombudsman, regulator or similar body or an undertaking given to the Director General of Fair Trading or any other regulator; 16.1.3.9 to reflect changes in technology, or to < provide for > the introduction of new or improved systems, methods of operation, services or facilities. 
br	following valid reasons: 17.1.1 to reflect changes, or anticipate changes, to the law, or interpretation of the law, codes of practice or the way that we are regulated; 17.1.2 to reflect a decision or recommendation made by, or a requirement of, a court, ombudsman, regulator or similar body or an undertaking given to the Director General of Fair Trading or other regulator; 17.1.3 to reflect changes in market conditions; 17.1.4 to correct mistakes; 17.1.5 to reflect changes in technology, or to < provide for > the introduction of new or improved systems, methods of operation, services or facilities
br	In that case, please indicate also what are the safeguards < provided for > under national law. 
br	What are the exemptions or derogations from the provisions of Chapter II of the Directive < provided for > by your Member State for the processing of personal data carried out solely for journalistic purposes or the purpose of artistic or literary expression necessary to reconcile the right to privacy with the rules governing freedom of expression? 
br	In which cases is the recording or disclosure of personal data expressly allowed by law within the meaning of Article 11.2 of the Directive (and therefore Article 11.1 would not apply) and what are the safeguards < provided for >? 
br	Where appropriate, what safeguards have been < provided for > by your Member State pursuant to Article 32.3 of the Directive? 
br	The developments in information technology since then, in particular the establishment of the Internet and the facilities it < provides for > processing personal data, were not foreseeable when the Directive was elaborated. 
br	Article 4 also < provides for > a Member State's law to apply where the controller is established outside the EU. 
br	It < provides that > they must comply with the security provisions of the Member State in which they are located, which may not be the Member State to whose law the data controller is subject. 
br	Article 17 < provides that > a processor must always be bound to his data controller by a contract in writing or equivalent form. 
br	The safeguards < provided for > pursuant to Article 6.1.b) of the Directive (further processing of personal data for historical, statistical or scientific purposes), when appropriate. 
br	For this bill to claim to < provide for > helmet wearing is somewhat underhand. 
br	The policy < provided for > legal representation to be arranged by the defendant's insurers who in this case were the insurers for the claimant's opponent. 
br	The policy also < provided for > the insurers (through its representatives) to retain full conduct and control of the claim. 
br	Partial this type of pattern < provides for > partial coverage of the water requirements of the user, during the whole of the year. 
br	The Housing Executive Act (Northern Ireland) 1971 set out the functions of the new Executive and also < provided for > the transfer of housing from existing authorities. 
br	The new rules concerning discipline and grievance set out in the Employment Act 2002 < provide that >: “Employers and employees will be required to follow a minimum 3 stage process to ensure that disputes are discussed at work. 
br	As long ago as 1977, the Croham directive introduced by the last Labour government < provided that > "factual and analytical material" should normally be published once decisions have been taken. 12 Lord Butler, the former cabinet secretary, told a House of Lords select committee looking at the draft FOI bill in July 1999 that: "when we were coming up to the 1997 election, knowing what the government policy was in this matter, my senior colleagues and I gave some thought to how we could regularly structure submissions to Ministers in a way that would enable us easily to separate the background which was publishable from, as it 
br	Clause 13(5) < provides that > in considering whether to make a discretionary disclosure in the public interest, authorities should "have regard to the desirability of communicating to the applicant factual information which has been used, or is intended to be used, to provide an informed background to decision-taking". 
br	The main initiative was the Housing Act of 1945 which < provided for > the establishment of the Northern Ireland Housing Trust as a public authority funded by government. 
br	However, the printed clause 9 of Part II, < provided that > the charterers would not be deemed to warrant the safety of any port to which the vessel might be ordered, nor would they be responsible for any damage resulting from the condition of any such port ‘not caused by charterers' fault or neglect, or which could have been avoided by the exercise of reasonable care on the part of the Master'. 
br	The owners relied in this respect on the safe port stipulation in Part I of the charter, which they maintained overrode the exception in clause 9, since the charter expressly < provided that > in the event of a conflict between the provisions of Part I and Part II, the provisions of Part I would prevail. 
br	An added cl.50 < provided that > time lost while off-hire "shall count as part of the charter period", and could be used to extend the hire period at the charterer's option. 
br	*In The Aspa Maria [1976] 2 Lloyd's Rep.643, the vessel was chartered for "6 months, thirty days more or less at charterers'option, but a further clause < provided that > the charterers had the option of continuing the charter for a further period of "6 months, 30 days more or less at charterers' option". 
br	On 7th December, 1941, as already discussed in this opinion, the so-called " Nacht und Nebel "decree, over Keitel's signature, < provided that > in occupied territories civilians who had been accused of crimes of resistance against the army of occupation would be tried only if a death sentence was likely; otherwise they would be handed to the Gestapo for transportationtion to Germany. 
br	This is of course < provided that > they ignore your otherwise diabolical deformities and hideous disability. 
br	Configure is setup to prefer "stdio" implementation if system's library < provides for > fast access to the buffer, otherwise it uses the "unix perlio" implementation. 
br	For seventy months she lay in her bed eating no food But was < provided for > by the grace of Christ. 
br	The Code of Practice < provides that > exempt information can be disclosed if : "any harm or prejudice arising from disclosure is outweighed by the public interest in making information available" (5) The same principle is also found in relation to many specific exemptions under overseas Freedom of Information laws. 
br	Where there is equal work, s.1(3) Equal Pay Act (EqPA) < provides that >: 'an equality clause shall not operate in relation to a variation between the woman's contract and the man's contract if the employer proves that the variation is genuinely due to a material factor which is not the difference of sex'. 
br	The emission of foul air in these wards is < provided for > by a channel in the apex of the ceiling, running the whole length of the room, and has zinc flues at intervals open to the air. 
br	Both draft Bills have been subject to scrutiny by select committees in the Commons and Lords, which have suggested significant improvements. 2 Current openness provisions The primary statute governing access to local authority information is the Local Government Act 1972. 3 This < provides that > meetings of a local authority, its committees and sub-committees shall be open to the public unless material defined as "confidential" or "exempt" would be disclosed. 
br	This relationship < provides for > cooperation between the two in the promotion of research, postgraduate education and training, advisory services and dissemination of knowledge throughout the worldwide community of learning and research. 
br	This will < provide for > better accountability for the use of public money as well as secure better value for its use. 
br	The Tribunal based its decision on Art. 474 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, which < provides that > the absence p.39 ( contumace ) of any accused must on no account lead to an adjournment or delay in the proceedings against the co-defendants who are present. 
br	" All decisions mentioned above were announced as having been arrived at by a majority vote, in accordance with Art. 91 of the Military Code, which, < provides that > " the Judgment shall merely state the fact of the majority of votes without indicating the number of pro and contra votes, non-compliance with this provision involving the nullity of the Judgment. 
br	THE QUESTIONS EXAMINED BY THE TRIBUNAL AND THE VERDICT Under Art. 88 of the Military Code, which < provides that > the : " Presiding Judge shall announce the questions arising from the Indictment and the hearings which will be put to the Judges," the Tribunal was called upon to examine a total of 207 questions for their findings. 
br	They have, however, improved the provision by < providing that > now any such decisions are subject to appeal to the Appeals Tribunal which can make recommendations which, regretfully, are not binding. 
br	The amendments gave the Ombudsman the power to have an assistant Ombudsman dealing only in freedom of information and they < provided that > he should go ahead with inquiries even though there might be a right of appeal to the Appeals Tribunal. 
br	Access to Health Records Act 1990 1990 Chapter 23 An Act to establish a right of access to health records by the individuals to whom they relate and other persons; to < provide for > the correction of inaccurate health records and for the avoidance of certain contractual obligations; and for connected purposes. 
br	The charter party contained an arbitration clause stipulating New York as the forum and < providing that > New York law would govern. 

